[All Hosts] (manifest) put EquivalentAddin support info in more places (#2953)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/includes/equivalent-add-in-support-note.md

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The equivalent add-in feature is supported by the following platform and applications, when connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription. COM add-ins cannot be installed on any other platform, so on those platforms the manifest element that is discussed later in this article, `EquivalentAddins`, is ignored.

Reviewer: Since this note is being used in other articles, should link to the original article (Make your Office Add-in compatible...). May also need to consider using include note in other articles but not the original.

Author: ? I don't understand. This is an include and it is referenced in the other articles where it needs to be.

Reviewer: The current text says, "discussed later in this article" - but most of the includes are being used in articles other than the original. As such, the current text only makes sense in the original article.
```suggestion
> The equivalent add-in feature is supported by the following platform and applications, when connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription. COM add-ins cannot be installed on any other platform, so on those platforms the manifest element `EquivalentAddins` is ignored. For more information, see [Make your Office Add-in compatible with an existing COM add-in](../develop/make-office-add-in-compatible-with-existing-com-add-in.md).
```

Author: I checked that. The element is "discussed" to some degree in all of the articles where the include is referenced.

Reviewer: Sounds good. I also checked that the "See also" section in the various articles links to the 'original' article.
